imagine you're somewhere in africa
you're riding in a jeep in a hot valley
with friends
the vehicle passes a group of lions
hyenas and giraffes
and then you stop near some elephants
these giant majestic animals pass by
and you realize how tiny you actually
are
suddenly the elephants panic raise their
trunks
and scream you look around and try to
understand the reason
in the sky you see a strange plane
the elephants run away the plane is
approaching
and you realize that it's not a plane at
all
but a massive bird of prey a tawny eagle
it's bigger than a business jet but
smaller than a boeing
the bird of monstrous size is
approaching the group of elephants with
astonishing speed
salvation is impossible with talon feet
the bird grabs the largest elephant
flaps its wings and takes its prey to
the sky
from the airflow created by the bird's
wings your jeep almost flips over
welcome to the world where birds of prey
are the size of
airplanes this world is actually not
that fantastical
six million years ago argentivis
magnificence
was one of the most terrifying creatures
in the sky
this predator was 12 feet long and had a
wingspan around 23 feet
the bird was about the size of a biplane
but weighed much less
around 160 pounds or an adult man's
average weight
thanks to its powerful large beak
argentivis magnificence could swallow a
rabbit
hole well that was 6 million years ago
now the largest bird is the andean
condor
they reach 33 pounds about the weight of
a small dog
and a wingspan of 10 feet which is more
than the height of any player in the nba
fortunately these birds are vultures
they feed on carrion
and don't attack live animals in a world
where all birds are the size of planes
an andean condor would be as big as a
passenger bowing
and just like a boeing it would need a
lot of space to take off
the muscles of the condor wouldn't allow
it to lift such a massive weight into
the air
first the bird would need to climb a
very high mountain
from there it would run down and
accelerate before it could take off
each condor flight would end with an
emergency landing
if even one such bird settled in the
countryside and decided to land in a
small village
it would demolish all the houses and
roads
only dust and ruins would remain instead
of a town
size is the only danger from this bird
because it's a vulture
but you couldn't say the same for eagles
and hawks
in reality these birds hunt large prey
they can easily grab a salmon
monkey or sloth in their feet and if
they grow to the size of an
airplane they would love people cows and
elephants
these birds need much more food now
because they've increased in size
typical fare is not enough the birds
will become the top of the food chain
and humanity will face some problems
the red-tailed hawk is the most common
bird of prey in north america
often these birds can be found on the
roofs of skyscrapers in new york city
now imagine these birds the size of an
airplane
as they fly to the city and land on a
skyscraper
they don't even need to leave the city
to find their prey
here it is running through the streets
between buildings
hawks would destroy the roofs of houses
people would have to create special
defense nets with electric discharge
and hang them on each house's roof the
paragrine falcon is one of the most
common birds of prey in the world
they can hunt not only game on the
ground but also in the air
catching a bat is not a problem for them
during the flight
when they change in size the bat would
be replaced by
planes these birds noticing prey
drop at a speed of 200 miles per hour
this is the speed of an expensive
supercar
and of course this speed will increase
tenfold
because of the weight of the giant
falcon while diving
it would outrun even a jet fighter
but we would face the most significant
problem because of a golden
eagle it's the largest bird of prey in
the world
sharp claws beak sharp vision and fast
speeds
are the weapons that make it the
strongest among all competitors
at their normal size they even attack
deer
now a deer would be the smallest prey
for these creatures
people would have to build special
shields or create a sonic weapon to ward
off the birds attacks
in big cities this won't be a problem
but people would live day to day in
small towns and villages
eagles can spot people dozens of miles
away
combat with birds resembles fights with
dragons
the feathers of huge eagles would be a
costly building material
only three or four feathers of any bird
of prey could protect a house's roof
from rain
birds of prey have a unique grip
mechanism in their feet
thanks to the muscles involved in
carrying prey therefore
they can transport heavy weights over
long distances
if humans could tame a bird they could
use it as a cargo plane
like pigeon mail but instead of riding
birds would deliver heavy loads
most birds won't give in to training
though and will fight with people for
territory
moving around at night would be much
safer than during the day
but you risk your life even at this time
imagine that you are riding your bicycle
home at night and decide to take a
shortcut through the forest
you ride along a path through the
thicket of the forest and notice
something strange
to your left the tops of the trees begin
to shake
the leaves rustle very quickly almost as
if a silent
strong wind shakes it this is strange
because the other trees are quiet
you stare into the darkness two large
glowing eyes
the size of basketballs appear among the
foliage
it's not leaves of wood shaking but
feathers
you have met an owl one of the most
skilled nocturnal predators
you flee spinning the pedals as quickly
as possible
you hope that you left the predator
behind there's silence in the air
you look around and see that the owl is
flying behind you
absolutely noiselessly the feathers of
this bird help carry out
silent flights so the owl can clearly
hear its prey
you pass a herd of sleeping horses and
the owl turns its attention to them
in the forest in the field in the
mountains in the steppe
birds of prey cause chaos everywhere
still the most incredible events occur
in the ocean
the northern gannet is a bird that
tracks prey from the sky
as soon as a fish appears in the sea the
gannet flies down with great speed
and dives deep into the water to get
lunch
these birds grow to an airplane size in
our new world
and thus hunt sharks and other large
fish it won't like it
if someone's fishing boat interferes
during dinner
gannets can like a battering ram break
through the deck of the ship from the
air
with its beak and of course there would
be brave people who try to tame birds
for fun
to tame a bird of prey you need to climb
to the top of a high mountain
and steal a large egg from the nest a
chick the size of a dog will require a
lot of food
but if you are patient in a few years
you will have the most unusual friend
imagine that you have trained a
paragrand falcon and are flying high in
the sky at fast speeds
during the flight you may meet another
pilot who is sitting on a golden eagle
an air fight begins between both of you
our world would be like a fantasy movie
with birds instead of dragons